Added missing session manager to embedded password reset (#94301)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/add-password-reset-policy.md

    </BuildingBlocks> -->
    ```

### Add the Technical Profiles

> A claims transformation technical profile initiates the **isForgotPassword** claim. The technical profile is referenced later. When invoked, it sets the value of the **isForgotPassword** claim to `true`. Find the **ClaimsProviders** element. If the element doesn't exist, add it. Then add the following claims provider:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A claims transformation technical profile accesses the `isForgotPassword` claim. The technical profile is referenced later. When it's invoked, it sets the value of the `isForgotPassword` claim to `true`. Find the **ClaimsProviders** element (if the element doesn't exist, create it), then add the following claims provider:
```

    </BuildingBlocks> -->
    ```

> ### Add the Technical Profiles
> A claims transformation technical profile accesses the `isForgotPassword` claim. The technical profile is referenced later. When it's invoked, it sets the value of the `isForgotPassword` claim to `true`. Find the **ClaimsProviders** element (if the element doesn't exist, create it), then add the following claims provider:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Add the technical profiles
A claims transformation technical profile accesses the `isForgotPassword` claim. The technical profile is referenced later. When it's invoked, it sets the value of the `isForgotPassword` claim to `true`. Find the **ClaimsProviders** element (if the element doesn't exist, create it), and then add the following claims provider:
```

The **SelfAsserted-LocalAccountSignin-Email** technical profile **setting.forgotPasswordLinkOverride** defines the password reset claims exchange that executes in your user journey.

> The **LocalAccountWritePasswordUsingObjectId** technical profile **UseTechnicalProfileForSessionManagement** AAD session manager is required for sessions to persist correctly for SSO.

Reviewer: Can you review this statement @bolt-io

Reviewer: Also, AAD might confuse readers as they expect something to do with Azure AD B2C, so you can omit it.

Author: Hey @kengaderdus - agreed, I have used the explicit `SM-AAD` session manager reference to avoid confusion. This now reads: 

"The **LocalAccountWritePasswordUsingObjectId** technical profile **UseTechnicalProfileForSessionManagement** `SM-AAD` session manager is required for the user to preform subsequent logins successfully under SSO conditions."

Please let me know of any further refinement
